My
With the Allied forces'
death upon Au бы go to the mostly destroyed
value of this thumbs Isro
Is the volume of the
Hey, big brother!
I'm your big brother, Compiller Daigongen!
Hey, you're not talking, but you're walking fast.
What are you doing?
What?
You're walking so fast.
You're not walking fast even though young people are walking on the corner.
But you're just a little kid.
You're just a little kid.
But you're not going to walk for three years from now.
What will happen?
I'll take you on a boat.
Oh, there's a boat?
Look, Gyoho, there's a boat waiting for you.
Here we go!
Is this a boat?
Look, I said it's a boat.
It's a boat.
You can wash it and pull one of the strings.
Get on it.
Hey, customer.
If you two get on, I'll take you on a boat.
Hey, how much is it?
It's five yen each for one person.
Who's going to take the boat?
It's not a fixed price.
It's five yen each for one person.
Oh, five yen for one person.
Ten yen for two people.
Fifteen yen for three people.
Twenty yen for four people.
How many people are you?
Two people.
If it's two people, it's not a matter of emotions.
Hey, give me two five-yen coins.
Here you go.
Hey, customer, this five-yen coin is one coin.
Oh, that's right.
It's a gift from the Buddha.
You're so nice.
I'll change my costume.
I'm really sorry, customer.
Can you put your friend on the front?
What?
Put your friend on the front.
You don't mind?
All right.
This guy.
Hey, you.
Ouch.
Hey, you, you, you.
You're his friend.
Oh, customer, no, no.
What are you doing?
You're a customer.
You're not.
Put your friend on the front.
If you're like that, say so.
I'll do it.
Oh, my God.
Why isn't it coming?
Hey, you.
I can't talk anymore.
What are you doing?
I thought it wouldn't come, but it's holding a stick.
That's right.
I'll do it again.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm holding a stick.
I'm going to do it.
Oh, my God.
You're the best.
If you fall, you'll get hurt.
The ship's coming out.
Oh, really?